docs(README.md): add documentation around main build artifacts (#1397)
fastly/cli: README.md

Please see our [SECURITY.md](SECURITY.md) for guidance on reporting security-related issues.

## Binaries with unreleased changes

> Binaries of changes on main that haven't been officially released are available [here](https://github.com/fastly/cli/actions/workflows/merge_to_main.yml). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Binaries containing merged changes that are planned for the next release are available [here](https://github.com/fastly/cli/actions/workflows/merge_to_main.yml). 
```
